
static 静电

I’m getting a bunch of static.

cable bill 有线电视费

cable company 有线电视公司

Did you pay your cable bill?

mute 消音

closed captions 隐藏字幕

if you must watch, then mute it with closed captions, please.

gorgeous 非常漂亮的

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />


coincidence 巧合

aspiring 有抱负的

Wait a minute, you’re telling me that I’m within driving distance of a house filled with aspiring supermodels?

photo shoot 专业摄影

chlorine 氯气

freeze frame 定格

landmarks 路标

physical landmarks 物理地标

kick out 踢、赶走

unwanted 不受欢迎的

self-esteem 自尊

a.k.a. 又名 also known as

Every week, they kick out a beautiful girl, making her feel unwanted and without self-esteem, a.k.a. the future Mrs. Howard Wolowitz.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

transparently 显然的

manipulative 善于操纵的

do we have to suffer through this transparently manipulative pseudo-reality again?

standing 长期有效的

compromise 妥协

You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and compromise.

Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly roommate meeting.

motion 提议

agenda 议程

But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda.

Parliamentary 议会的

Fine. Mock Parliamentary procedure. At least put it on mute.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

metaphor 隐喻

forwarding 发送

You violated my rule about forwarding email humour.

banality 平庸

I trusted you with my email address, and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet banality.

lenient 仁慈的

Look, Penny, I wish I could be more lenient with you, but since you’ve become a permanent member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else.

thrill 激动、兴奋

what a thrill.

take a stand 表明立场

I’m taking a stand.

Metaphorically 比喻地

banish 放逐

triangulation 三角测量

So based on our triangulation we’ve narrowed down the location of the top model house to three square miles in the Hollywood Hills.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

dedicate 奉献

decade 十年

treasure 财富

No one said anything of the kind to Neil Armstrong, the entire nation dedicated a decade of effort and treasure to put a man on the moon.

fellow 同伴

my fellow Americans

unreasonable 不合理的

out of line 出格、举止不当

Look, here’s the thing, um, I talked to Sheldon and he feels terrible and he agrees that he was unreasonable and out of line.

nutcase 疯子

insanity 精神失常

knuckle under 屈服、认输

It’s more like knuckling under.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

buddy 伙伴

NORAD 北美空防司令部

drone 无人驾驶飞机

Of course not, I got a buddy of mine at NORAD to have a spy drone fly over.

military 军事的

aircraft 飞机

You’re using military aircraft?

poke around 闲逛

Siberia 西伯利亚

It was already targeted to poke around a nuclear reactor in Siberia, I took it an hour out of its way, tops.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

parasitic 寄生的

piggybacking 捎带

Well, this recorded message is alerting you that I am putting an end to your parasitic piggybacking upon our WiFi.

remedy 纠正

If you want to remedy the situation you can contact the phone company, set up your own WiFi and pay for it, or you may apologize to me.

reiterate 重申

I reiterate, knuckle under.

villain 反派

The guy is one lab accident away from being a supervillain.

rodeo 牛仔竞技比赛

hogtie 捆绑

castrate 阉割

I was in junior rodeo, I can hogtie and castrate him in 60 seconds.

neuter 阉割

No need to neuter the nerd.

puny 弱小的

circumvent 设法回避

Hello, puny insects. As a consequence of your efforts to circumvent my will, everyone is awarded one additional strike.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

ken 知识范围

Woman, you are playing with forces beyond your ken.

unattended 无人看管的

Do not leave laundry unattended.

You know, I do recall seeing some female undergarments. Where was that?

Oh, yes, earlier this evening I happened to gaze out the window and a brassiere caught my eye.

concede 让步、承认

I’m willing to concede that you’ve done some stupid things.

electrocute 触电死亡

Telephone wires can’t electrocute you, can they?

rescind 撤销、取消、废除

I rescind your strikes and you are no longer banished.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />
