hobo 流浪汉

I’d kill a hobo if it’ll get me laid.

mobster 暴徒

What is mobster sauce?

typo 打字文稿的小错误

It’s obviously a typo.

laptop 笔记本电脑

So are our laptops.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

anticipation 预期

audacity 鲁莽、大胆无礼

quench 解渴

ransack 洗劫

rule out 排除

suspect 犯罪嫌疑人

In anticipation of their arrival, I’ve bagged some evidence.
One of the thieves had the audacity to quench his thirst while ransacking our home.
You should be able to pull some good prints off this.
And now, here are my prints so you can rule me out as a suspect.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

discount 认为......不重要

It’s too early to discount the possibility of this being an inside job.

psychiatric 精神病的

I’d be happy to put him under a 72-hour psychiatric hold.

relevant 相关的

Do you have any more information that might be relevant?

bludgeon 用重器连击

The only thing we can do. Watch TV on our phones until the criminals return and bludgeon us to death in our sleep.

evolution 进化

it’s what evolution wants.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

primates 灵长类

Primates have evolved to live in groups, both for protection and support.

insecure 不安全的

I know you’re feeling insecure.

titanium 钛

dead bolt 锁定插销、固定栓

reinforced 加固的、增强的

jamb 门窗边框

state-of-the-art 最先进的

All right, we’ve got a titanium dead bolt and a reinforced jamb controlled by a state-of-the-art electronic access system.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

watt 瓦特

There’s a 200-watt uninterruptible backup power supply.

infrared 红外线的

Now, inside, we’ve got motion detectors, infrared sensors, and cameras connected to a server running state-of-the-art facial recognition software.

tuna 金枪鱼

Wonderful security system if we’re attacked by a school of tuna.

spasm 痉挛

Picture her on the floor, spasming uncontrollably.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

perimeter 周长、边缘

Perhaps I’ll check the perimeter and make some warm milk.

earthbound 地球上的、陆地的

foreseeable 可预见的

Unfortunately, as I’m earthbound for the foreseeable future,
I need to find a location that’s more hospitable than the mean streets of Pasadena.

telecommute 家庭办公

he’s going to telecommute.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

prolonged 长期的

maudlin 言语伤感的

Please, Penny, as you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged good-byes and maudlin displays of emotion,
so I prepared a short video.

bracing 凉爽宜人的、令人精神焕发的

invigorating 提神的

That is a bracing cold, an invigorating cold.

acquaintance

The acquaintance is the first to greet me.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

