sneeze 打喷嚏

Explain your sneeze.

allergies 过敏反应

Do you have allergies?

pepper 胡椒粉

Is there too much pepper on your salad?

Typhoid 伤寒

buckle 被压垮

That’s what Typhoid Mary said, and clearly, her friends buckled.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

per 按照

Per our roommate agreement

seeing eye dogs 导盲犬

cybernetically 控制论

Of course. Pets are banned under the roommate agreement, with the exception of service animals,
such as seeing eye dogs and, one day, cybernetically-enhanced helper monkeys.

cosmological 宇宙学的

The cosmological physicist from Princeton?

world-renowned 世界著名的

Why is a world-renowned scientist staying in our apartment instead of a hotel?

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

consecutive 连续的

you know the drill 你知道规矩的

prophylactic 预防疾病的

antibiotics 抗生素

culture 文化、培养

throat cultures 咽喉培养

When I’ve seen two consecutive negative throat cultures spaced 12 hours apart.
You know the drill. All right, if you’ll excuse me, I am off to start a prophylactic course of antibiotics.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

lobby 大堂、门厅

maxi pads 超大卫生护垫

hype 促销广告

marketing hype 市场炒作

Oh, Penny, excellent. I have a question about these maxi pads.
Are the wings truly functional or have I fallen victim to marketing hype?

frustratingly 令人沮丧的

uninformed 不知情的、无知的

The stock boy at Walgreens was frustratingly uninformed on the subject.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

flabbergast 大吃一惊

Why does that seem to flabbergast everybody?

quantum 量子

cosmology 宇宙学

My guest is a noted physicist and the leading expert on quantum cosmology,
so please try to avoid wasting her time with female jibber jabber.

good grief 天哪

biographer 传记作家

my biographer might ask you about this event.

coordinates 坐标

neutron 中子

Lucky for me, I didn’t confuse it with what I’d written on my other hand, which are the coordinates for a newly discovered neutron star.
‘Cause if I tried to go there, I’d be crushed by hypergravity.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />


molecular 分子的

chemist 化学家

My best friend is a molecular chemist named Wendy.

feminine 女性的

hygiene 卫生

regulating 调节

Perhaps a feminine hygiene product or a bowel-regulating yogurt?

delightful 令人愉快的

If the yogurt works, I bought some delightful scented candles.

misappropriating 挪用、私吞

You’re just misappropriating my understanding.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />
