cautious 小心的、谨慎的

mantle 覆盖层

self-assurance 自信

My problem is, I don’t project confidence.
So I decided that the next time I meet a woman I think is attractive,
rather than holding back and being cautious,
I’m going to assume the mantle of self-assurance.

Defence Department 国防部

Good news. I made it onto the team for the new Defence Department laser-equipped surveillance satellite.

offensive 冒犯的

it’s not offensive.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

colonoscopy 结肠镜检查

Do you know how long it’s been since I got through airport security without being given a colonoscopy?

informative 提供有用信息的、给予知识的

stymie 阻碍

You know, I try very hard to make our lunch hours educational and informative,
but your insistence on talking about your own lives stymies me at every turn.

squandered 浪费

No, you squandered your time with me, and the moment has now passed.
Feast on your disappointment, much as the capybara feasts on its own waste.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

cavity 腔

cavity search 体腔检查

Here comes a cavity search.

exude 流露

Probably because I exude confidence.

stiff 硬的

penalties 处罚

impersonate 冒充

Oh. All right. I doubt anyone would risk the stiff penalties for impersonating a federal officer
just to ask questions about a minor league engineer with an unresolved Oedipal complex.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

motto 座右铭

for the record 郑重声明

For the record, I truly support the FBI in the mission which is expressed through their motto?

Fidelity 忠诚

integrity 诚实正直

Fidelity, bravery, integrity?

disinclination 不情愿

culpability 有罪、应受指责

I don’t want to. Not that my disinclination to discuss the topic should be interpreted
as evidence of Howard Wolowitz’s culpability in the destruction of government property
worth millions of dollars.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

fixate 注视

Oh, good. I was afraid you were going to fixate on that Mars Rover incident.

tipsy 微醉的

Well, actually, I may have gotten a little tipsy when I talked to her.

subvert 颠覆

Well, your expectations have been subverted.

elude 躲避、逃避

Sleep eludes me, Leonard.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

insomnia 失眠

Interesting. So you’re saying my insomnia is caused by a guilty conscience.

recant 公开宣布放弃

I understand you want to recant your statement about Howard Wolowitz.

draft 穿堂风

but there’s no draft.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />
