annual 每年的、年度的

It’s an annual science conference.

all-expense-paid 所有费用已付的

resort 度假圣地

Do you know anybody else who would appreciate an all-expense-paid spa weekend at a four-star resort in Big Sur?

sauna 桑拿

Except we keep our shirts on in the sauna.

concept 概念

grasp the concept 掌握概念

You know, for a smart guy, you really seem to have a hard time grasping the concept, don’t piss off the people who handle the things you eat.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

adhere 遵守

solemn 庄严的

oath 宣誓

I trust Penny will adhere to the Official California Restaurant Workers’ Solemn Oath of Ethics and Cleanliness.”

orientation 培训

I’m sure we can get through this orientation in under a half an hour.

quiz 测验

safety drills 安全演习

Then it’s just Q&A, quiz, safety drills, pose for commemorative group photo and we’re off.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

allot 分配

You’ve had your allotted six ounces.

backwoods 边缘落后地区

brawny 肌肉发达的

She made the case that if we break down in the middle of nowhere,
your Nebraska backwoods skills and brawny hands will give us the best chance to survive in the wild.

vouch 担保、证实

I can vouch for that.

You’ll bunk with me.

constipated 便秘的

And FYI, travel makes me constipated.

keynote 主题

keynote address 主题演讲

I hope we get there in time to see the keynote address.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

actinoid 放射线状的、锕系元素

Are you an element in the actinoid series?

radioactive 放射性的、有辐射的

Are you usually radioactive when found in nature?

lanthanoid 镧系元素

Are you in the lanthanoid series?

apropos 恰当的

That’s not apropos.

periodic 周期的

We’ve already established I’m found in the periodic table.

filibuster 冗长演说

We were all exhausted, and he was threatening to filibuster.

bully 恐吓

I don’t understand why you people just let him bully you like this.

stand up to 对抗、抗争

Someone should stand up to him.

relief 轻松

That’s a relief. 现在我放心了

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

proportional 成比例的

No, it’s not necessarily proportional.

subscribe 订阅

envy 嫉妒

Do you subscribe to the Freudian theory of penis envy?

plumbing 管路系统

You can’t deny that, by comparison, our internal plumbing is extremely high maintenance.

prone 有做......倾向的

night terrors 夜惊

I’m prone to night terrors.

stroke hair 抚摸头发

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />

microbiologist 微生物学家

tear 撕裂

tear sb a new one 好好教训某人一顿

As a microbiologist, I can tell you even the tiniest organisms can still tear you a new one.

weigh in 发表见解

Because I’d like to weigh in.

out of range 超出范围

Must be out of range.

symposium 研讨会

Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend left the symposium with what is probably the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen in my life?

spy 间谍、仔细观察

aluminium 铝

rim 边缘

I was spying the aluminium rims on the police car we passed a few miles back.

<br /><hr color="#98bf21" size="5px" width="50%" align="left" /><br />
