slum 平民窟、去贫穷地方

Why’s the president of the university slumming in the cafeteria?

emulate 模仿

commoner 平民

mingle 混在一起、混杂其中

perceive 感知、认为

subject 主题、国民、臣民

Perhaps he’s emulating Shakespeare’s Henry V, who dressed as a commoner and mingled among them,
to find out how he was being perceived by his subjects.
Course, if he’d have read any of the thirteen hundred e-mails I’ve sent him on the subject of his administration,
he could have saved himself the trouble.

fondle 爱抚、抚摸

That depends, how much longer do you plan on fondling my shoulder?

phobia 恐惧症

Sorry, Dr. Cooper, I forgot you have a touch phobia.

hernia 疝

I’ll let you check me for a hernia.

fund-raiser 资金筹集者

Just a little fund-raiser for the university.

tear-stained 布满泪痕的

Aha! The tear-stained air mattress in the back of the van.

reticence 沉默、含蓄

I understand your reticence, Dr. Cooper, and I sympathize, but the hard facts are, occasionally,
we have to shake a few hands and kiss a few butts to raise money for our research.

Get over it. 克服它

rare 稀有的

precious 珍贵的

faculty 才能

tear off 脱掉、扯下

Tell him Dr. Cooper feels that the best use of his time is to employ his rare
and precious mental faculties to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of God.

misle 误导

I think we were misled about the cute girls.

waste-disposal 废物处理

But you may be interested to know I designed the zero-gravity waste-disposal system for NASA.

gloomy 悲观的

Oh, don’t be such gloomy Gusses.

lobster 龙虾

At what point do we start calling them lobsters?

confess 承认

I must confess I don’t understand you.

augment 加强、提高

ill-gotten 来路不正的

A woman well past her prime seeking to augment her social status by doling out her late husband’s ill-gotten gains.

stature 身材、声望、名望

intimidate 恐吓、威胁

crafty 狡猾的

My stature intimidates her, so she’s using you to get to me. Crafty old gal.

cryogenic 低温的

centrifugal 离心的

pump 抽水机、泵

how are you feeling about helping the physics department get a cryogenic centrifugal pump and molecular sieve?

persuasive 有说服力的

you make a very persuasive case for it.

Well, Mrs. Latham said she was seriously considering donating money so we could get a cryogenic centrifugal pump.

reluctance 不情愿

Maybe this will overcome your reluctance.

Get paid up front.  提前付款

