Ted: Robin, look I didn't invite you to this party to set you up with Carlos. Or the one before that. Or the one before that. (Robin smiles) I threw these parties because I wanted to see you.

Robin: Well, here I am.

Ted: There's something here, look, unless I'm crazy.

Robin: (exhales) you're not crazy. I-I don't know, Ted, I mean we barely know each other and you're looking at me with that look and it's like-(struggles)

Ted: Like what?

Robin: like-let's fall in love, and get married and have kids and drive them to soccer practice.

Ted: I'm not gonna force sports on them unless they're interested.

Robin: (laughs) It's a great look. But you're looking at the wrong girl.

Ted: No, I'm not.

Robin: Yes, you are. I don't wanna get married right now, maybe ever and if we got together I'd feel like I'd either have to marry you or break your heart and-I just couldn't do either of those things. Just like you can't turn off the way you feel.

Ted: (reaches in his Jacket) Click. Off. Let's make out.

Robin: (laughs) What?

Ted: What? That was the off switch! And I turned it off. I mean sure yes, I wanna fall in love get married blah, blah, blah, but-on the other hand... you... me...the roof.

Robin: There's no off switch.

Ted: There is an off switch... and it's off.

Robin: (smiling) no, it's not.

Ted: (silence) yes, it is. (They draw closer)

Robin: No (smiles)...it's-not.

Ted: Yes-it is (they kiss long) No it's not. You're right, there's no off switch. God I wish there was an off switch.

Robin: (sighs) me too.

(Silence. They laugh)

Ted: So (They mutter together. Then laugh)

Robin: we could be friends (shrugs)

Ted: Oh (clutches heart)

Robin: look, I know it sounds insincere when people say that but... we could.

Ted: I don't know, Robin. I made such a jackass out of myself here, every time we start hanging out it'll be like, "Oh-that's right-I'm a jackass."

Robin: You're not a jackass. I'm sorry. I only moved here in April and I'm always working and-I just haven't met a lot of good people so far. But I understand.

Ted: Well-uh-maybe in a few months after it's not so fresh, we could all-uh...you know, get a beer.

Robin: yeah. (sighs) That sounds good. I'll see you, Ted. (walks away)

Ted: Or, you know-now. (Robin looks at Ted) We could all get a beer now.

Robin: (Smiles) I'd like that.

Ted: My friends are goanna love you-like you-you know, as a friend. (Robin giggles) Jackass.
