Ted: Yeah, that's right...a limo.

[3 hours before midnight]

Robin: Oh, man, Ted, this is great.

Ted: Okay, people, let's talk strategy. Last new years, we went our separate ways, and it sucked. This year we party together or not at all. Now, I sifted through your party submission and I narrowed them down to these five.

Barney: Question?

Ted: Yes, Barney, your submissions were received and no, we will not be attending any parties in your pants.

Barney: But you enjoyed the e-vite, right? Thas an actual picture of my pants.

Lily: Yeah.

Ted: We will hit all five parties before midnight, and then narrow them down to one, the most awesome party in New York City and that is where we will ring, nay rock, in the new year.

Lily: All right, and party number one that's where we get to meet Mary Beth?

Robin: Mary Beth?

Ted: Oh, she works in my office. She seems like she might be into me. She's always finding reasons to hug me. So tonight...

Barney: People often ask me "Barney, how is it that you're so psyched so much of the time?"

Lily: By who? Who asks you that?

Barney: And the answer is right here... my own, personal "get psyched" mix. Now, people often think a good mix should rise and fall, but people are wrong. It should be all rise, baby. Now prepare yourselves for an audio journey into the white-hot center of adrenaline. Bam.

Lily: It's working.

Ted: I am definitely getting psyched.

Marshall: Oh, God. I'm reaching dangerous levels of psychage. Must do robot.

Barney: Let's do this!

