Marshall: God, that sucks, man. I'm so sorry.

Ted: It was just too much pressure too soon. I mean, maybe it was silly to even think... Yes, Marshall, I see your new suit, and it's awesome.

Marshall: Well, thank you for acknowledging it. It was weird that you hadn't. Look, I understand that you guys had to break up eventually, but why today?

Ted: She's leaving tomorrow.

Marshall: Yeah, but she's still in town.

Ted: Yeah, she... she's still in town.

Marshall: Yeah, so you spend one more amazing day together. Ted, think about it this way: if you knew that you were going to lose your leg tomorrow, would you sit on the couch and cry about it, or would you run, and jump, and do some awesome air kicks while you still could?

Ted: Awesome air kicks, huh?

Marshall: New pajama bottoms?

Ted: You know it.

The Bar

Ted: So we can sit around and cry, or we can run, and do awesome air kicks before our leg gets chopped off.

Victoria: Wait, so we're sharing the leg?

Ted: No, the leg is a metaphor.

Victoria: How could the leg be well enough to do awesome air kicks one day, and yet still so sick it needs to be chopped off the next? I don't know, Ted.

Ted: Come on, we've had a good run. Why end on a fight?

Victoria: Well, what would you want to do?

Ted: Let's do all the stuff we talked about doing and never got around to.

Victoria: Like go to the Mets.

Ted: Yeah, we'll walk across the Brooklyn Bridge.

Victoria: See some monkeys at the zoo?

Ted: Go to that French-Vietnamese place we keep passing and say we want to try?

Victoria: Wow! We better get going.

Ted: Yeah, big day.
