<font color="#dd00dd" size=6>01-3</font><br />


Ted:    Hey.

Robin:  Hi, guys.

Barney: Hey, Robin, top of the morning.

Lily:   Hi, Robin. Good sweater.

Ted:    Um, sorry I keep calling you like that. I was pretty drunk.

Robin:  Uh, no kidding. Those calls were really weird. Look, Ted,
        may be we need to talk.

Lily:   Let's go get a snack.

Marshal:I love to snack.

Barney: I'm good.

Ted:    Come on, those calls weren't that weird.

Robin:  "Robin! Come hang out! Okay, I'm gonna make this sound till
        you come hang out. Aaah..." That goes on for three and a half minutes.

Ted:    Without a breath? That's got to be some kind of record.

Robin:  Oh, Ted, you can't do this. Please. We agreed to be friends, and now you're
        making it all confusing.

Ted:    No, I'm not. Look, I just turned off my brain for the night.
        Nothing changed. You've moved on, I've moved on.

Robin:  Really, you've moved on?

Ted:    Yes. What, you don't believe me? Oh, Uh, okay. Trudy, come on out.
        You're gonna laugh.

Robin:  Wait. You were with someone last night?

Ted:    Yeah, Trudy. She's cool. Trudy, come on out. Yeah, seriously, it's okay.
        This is so Trudy. She's really shy, I think. Trudy?

Robin:  Hi, Trudy, I'm Robin. It's nice to meet you. She is shy.

Ted:    I'm not making this up. She must have climbed out the fire escape. Whatever.
        Whatever! I don't care what you think.

Robin:  Then why'd you hide her from me?

Ted:    Wow. You're good. Any one tell you, you should be on 60 minutes?

Robin:  Yes. You did. Last night.

Ted:    Really.

Robin:  Get some sleep, Ted. You had a long night. And don't feel bad. I've woken up with worse.

