Victoria: You know, I should tell you, I have a rule. I never hook up at weddings.

Ted: I'm guessing you haven't always had this rule.


Victoria: Well, here's the thing. Those big romantic moments, they're great when they happen, but they're not real.

Ted: Exactly. Exactly, like, like just now, when I saw you doing the chicken dance out there, I'm not gonna lie to you, big time thunderbolt.


Victoria: You should see me tap-dance. You'd be down on bended knee.

Ted: Sadly not out of character. But I know now it's just a mirage.

Victoria: Wedding goggles.

Ted: Exactly. And that, in a nutshell, is why I'm not putting the moves on you.

Victoria: This isn't the moves?

Ted: What, you think this is the moves? Believe me, you'd know the moves. People ten tables away would know the moves.

Victoria: That's too bad.

Ted: Tell me about it.

Victoria: You know, I think I have a solution.

Ted: Interested.

Victoria: And, to preface this, we're not going to sleep together tonight.

Ted: Less interested.

(Victoria laughs)

Ted: Go ahead.

Victoria: OK. So the thing that always screws it up is the next day, right? So, why don't we just cut that part out.

Ted: What are you saying?

Victoria: I'm saying, I'm here, you're here, and this is a big, romantic wedding. Why don't we just dance and have a great time and then when it's over, never see each other again.

Ted: Unless...

Victoria: No, no unless. No emails, no phone numbers, not even names. Tonight we will make a memory that will never be tarnished. And then, when we're old and gray, we'll look back on this night and it'll be perfect.

Ted: Wow. OK, I'm in.

