Marshall: I don't get it, man, Natalie is awesome.

Ted: I know, she's terrific, but I have to break up with her.

Lily: (Hitting with every syllable) Why... couldn't... you... leave... that... poor... girl... alone?

Ted: I know! I hate this. These past three weeks have been great. I should be in love with her, but I'm not feeling that thing. It's ineffable.

Marshall: Ineffable... good word. So when are you going to do it?

Barney: She's probably on the subway by now. You could call her Voice Mail. Beep, dumped. Click. Done!

Ted: I have to do this face-to-face. I just... I don't know what I'm going to say!

Marshall: "I'm not ready for a commitment."

Lily: Oh, that's such a cliché.

Marshall: It's not a cliché, it's a classic. It's the stairway to heaven of breakup lines.

Lily: Well, I think Natalie deserves better.

Marshall: Better. There's no better in breaking up. There's only less awful. A cliché's a cliché for a reason. It's comforting.

Ted: It doesn't matter, I already told her I am ready for a commitment, so... oh, my god... there's no way out... I'm going to have to marry her.

Marshall: No, no. We're going to get you out of this. Okay, how about... "It's not you it's me"?

Barney: Mm... Mm! Six words! You... look... fat... in... those... jeans..., you're free to go.

Lily: Ted, have you considered telling her the truth?

(Barney and Marshall share a laugh)

Barney: Seriously, honey, men are working, here.

Lily: Ted, what is the truth? Why do you want to break up with her?

Ted: The truth? She's not the one.

Lily: So, tell her that.

Marshall: Oh, you can't tell her that. That's horrible.

Lily: Why? What is so horrible about that?

Ted: Yeah, what is so horrible about that?..."She's not the one." Why is that such a heart-breaking thing to hear? The chances of one person being another person's "The one" are like six billion to one.

Lily: Yeah, you have better chances of winning the lottery.

Ted: Exactly, you wouldn't take it personally if you lost the lottery.

Marshall: Alright, man, tell her the truth. She's goanna cry.

Lily: Yeah, and he's going to sit there and he's going to take it like a man.

Ted: I have to do the mature thing.
