Marshall: I stabbed Lily. I stabbed my fiancé.

Ted: Come on, Marshall, do you really think she's still your fiancé? I'm kidding. Hey, I think you guys should have the apartment. Marshall: But you fought so bravely for it.

Ted: I wasn't fighting for the apartment. I was fighting for...I don't know...for everything to stay the way it is. But I'm not gonna get that, so, seriously, take the place, it's yours.

(Robin and Barney enter waiting area)

Robin: Is she OK?

Marshall: They're just patching her up. She's gonna be fine.

Barney: So get this, I was on a date with this girl, Jackie.

(Ted, Marshall and Robin look at him surprised)

Barney: What? You said she's fine. So, anyway, I was on date with this girl, Jackie.

INT. BAR

(Barney sitting at table with Jackie)

Barney: Wow, Jackie, you make a really great first impression. I have a feeling that tonight you might end up being Jackie O.

Jackie: Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to lemon law you.

INT. HOSPITAL WAITNG ROOM

Barney: It's out there, it's a thing. The lemon law is a thing. Damn, I should have called it Barney's law.

Robin: But you're totally...

Ted: Just let him have this one.

(Doctor exits examining room to go into waiting area)

Doctor: All set. She said she'd like to see the knights of the poorly constructed round table?

Marshall: That's us.

(Marshall and Ted get up and go into examining room)

INT. EXAM ROOM

(Ted and Marshall stand sheepishly in front of Lily, Lily sits on exam table with right shoulder bandaged)

Lily: A sword fight?

Marshall, Ted: Sorry, Lily.

Lily: On Monday, I'm gonna have to tell my kindergarten class who I teach not to run with scissors that my fiancé ran me through with a frickin' broad sword.

Marshall: Well, just to be fair, it didn't go all the way through.

Lily: I'm sorry, is this a discussion of the degree to which you stabbed me?

Marshall: You're right. I'm sorry. We were fighting to see who gets the apartment. And I won.

Ted: Uh, you didn't win. I gave it to you.

Marshall: Uh, you know, if I tried...

Lily: Wait wait wait wait wait. I don't want that apartment. It's a boy apartment. It's full of swords and videogames, and kinda smells like dude. It's fine for now, but when we get married, I wanna start a new life with you in a new place.

Marshall: Gonna miss the old place.

(Marshall sits next to Lily)

Lily: I will too. We're not getting married for like a year.

Ted: Yeah, that's Future Marshall's problem. Let that guy deal with it.

Marshall: Totally.

Lily: Maybe it's the massive blood loss talking but I'm starving.

Marshall: Let's go get some dinner.

Lily: I know just the place.

