Robin: Well, Derek and I just broke up.

Lily: No, that's terrible, are you OK?

Marshall: Yeah, do you need a drink or something?

(Robin sits down next to Lily)

Robin: Never really clicked. I felt bad though, he was pretty bummed.

Barney: Don't beat yourself up. He'll be fine. I mean, the guy's like a billionaire. He can put his platinum card on a fishing line and reel in 10 chicks hotter than you.


Robin: Thanks, I feel a lot better. Think I'll get that drink now.

(Robin gets up and walks over to bar)

Ted: OK, guys, I gotta say something. I think my feelings for Robin may be resurfacing.

(Marshall laughs)

Lily: Oh, because they were buried in a shallow grave.

Marshall: Not again. Come on, dude, we all know how this movie ends. Ted falls in love. Love kicks Ted in the sprouts. Roll credits.


Ted: No, you guys just have to look at the whole picture. Fact.

(flashback to Robin and Ted dancing in her apartment)

Ted: Robin was into me when we first met. Fact.

(flashback to Ted and Robin kissing on roof)

Ted: Even though she didn't want a relationship, we had an amazing kiss on the roof. Fact.

(flashback to Ted and Robin kissing at New Year's)

Ted: On New Year's Eve, we kissed again. Fact.

(back to present scene)

Ted: I need a date to this wedding. Wish me luck

(Ted gets up and walks over to Robin at bar)

Barney: What I don't get is, why is Claudia marrying Stuart? She's way hotter than him. How way? Way way.

Marshall: This wedding does sound pretty amazing though. Fancy hotel ballroom, everybody all dressed up.

Lily: Ah, here we go.

Barney: What?

Lily: We can't get anywhere with our wedding plans because I want it to be fun and Marshall wants it to be lame.

Marshall: Oh yeah, OK, that's a pretty fair assessment of our two arguments.

Lily: I thought so.

Marshall: You know what, excuse me if I don't wanna get married barefoot in the woods next to Lake No-one's-gonna-drive-that-far. Yes, I want a ballroom and I want a band and I want shoes.

I've been dreaming about this day since I was like...

Lily: A little girl?

Barney: What up?

(Barney and Lily high-five) Marshall: OK, I'm just saying, that it's my wedding too and I should have a say in it.

Lily: Yes, but I'm the bride so I win.

Marshall: Well, I thought marriage was about two equal partners sharing a life together.

Lily: Right. But I'm the bride, so I win.

