Barney: Ted, Sergei says stop moping around. You're distracting him from his process.

Marshall: You speak Ukrainian?

Ted: Guys, I'm kind of screwed here. I don't want to lose Victoria, but I can't ask her to stay just for me. And long distance definitely isn't an option.

Marshall: No. No, no, no. No way. You know who likes long distance? Girls. It's all talking and no sex. k*ll me now.


Barney: Don't knock long-distance relationships. I really think they can work.

Ted: Really? You?

Barney: Absolutely. I'm juggling four right now. There's Lisa in Madrid, there's Erica in Tokyo, there's Laura in Denmark, and Kelly on 34th Street. The lass thinks I'm a humble sheep shearer from Killarney.

Marshall: Ted, do you remember in college when Lily did that summer art program in Paris?

Ted: Yeah.

Marshall: Well, she kept talking about this cheesy French guy, Gabriel. So, I went out to visit, and there was this party. And who shows up but Gabriel. And he's got this weak-ass, thin French moustache. I'm not much of a fighter, but I knew I could take this weird little dude. So, I took him aside, and I got all creepy quiet, I got the crazy eyes going, and I said, "You stay away from Lily, or I swear to God I'll eat that moustache right off of your ugly French face." Yeah. Yeah, he literally ran away. I think he was crying. I never told Lily about it. To be honest, I'm not very proud of it. To be even more honest, I am.

Ted: Um, other than confirming a lot of European stereotypes about Americans, did that little story have a point?


Marshall: Yeah, the point is that even though Lily is my soul mate, long distance still almost k*lled us. If you think that there's any chance that Victoria is your soul mate, you should ask her to stay.

Ted: Well, I don't know if she is. It's still so early, but yeah, she could be.

Marshall: Oh, please. You barely know this girl. What's her favorite color? Is she a cat person or a dog person? Is she open to a three-way? Ted, I do more research than this before buying a cell phone. FYI, yes, I have three-way calling.

Ted: Look, she can't be a cat person. I'm a dog person, I'm attracted to other dog people.

Barney: Are you sure?
