Lily: Change your personality? That is so awful, and not at all motivational.

Marshall: Not necessarily. Okay, at first, I was appalled, but then I realized it's just like Dr. Aurelia Birnholz-Vasquez in Life Among the Gorillas. I have to gain the acceptance of the herd by behaving exactly like one of them. It's an anthropological study. Isn't that cool?

Lily: It sounds kinda like peer pressure.

Marshall: No, no, no. It's totally anthropological and it's cool and I'm doing it.

Lily: Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's peer pressure. We have an assembly every year.


Marshall: I'm portraying someone who succumbs to peer pressure.

Lily: All right, but if those guys try to pressure you to smoke, what do you say?

Marshall: Only when I'm drunk.

Lily: Good boy.

Ted from 2030: And so, to fit in with the gorillas, Marshall had to learn to act like a gorilla, and that meant gorilla lessons.

The Bar

Barney: Okay, I'm psyched about this. But if I'm going to mentor you, I need to know you're psyched about this, too.

Marshall: Oh, I am. I'm, I'm psyched.

Barney: Yeah, but it's one thing to say it, it's another thing to show it. Show it.

Marshall: I'm psyched!

Barney: What was that? Marshall, I should feel tremors of psychitude rock my body like a seizure. That was like a declawed pregnant cat on a porch swing idly swatting at a fly on a lazy Sunday afternoon.

Marshall: Wow, that was really specific.

Barney: Show me you're psyched! Let's do this! Ow! That hurt!

Marshall: So badly.

