Lily: He's a whole new species. The cock-mouse.

Marshall: And it's the size of a potato.

Robin: So, what, now it's a cock-potato-mouse?

Marshall: Don't make it sound ridiculous. It's a cock-mouse.

(Barney and Ted are sitting at booth with Ted looking at printouts he took from Love Solutions)

Ted: My God, this is incredible. We're like the same person. Sarah O'Brien loves brunch.

She wants to have two children. Her guilty pleasure song is Summer Breeze by Seals and Croft.

Barney: Wow, Ted, sounds like you're her perfect woman.

Marshall: And like the majestic seahorse it's hermaphroditic.

Lily: Obviously the whole thing is shrouded in mystery.

Marshall: For as much as we know about the cock-mousse, there are still so much we don't know.

Robin: Well, we know that there's no such thing as a cockamouse. What we don't know is what you guys have been smoking.

Marshall: So you really don't believe in the cock-mouse?

Robin: Well, I believe that you saw something perfectly normal but you've exaggerated it in your mind, you know, um, like the Loch Ness Monster.

Marshall: If by 'like the Loch Ness Monster,' you mean, totally exists and is awesome, then yeah, it's like the Loch Ness monster.

(Robin walks over to Ted and Barney)

Marshall: It's diet is not unlike our own, grains, cereals and it's awfully fond of cheese...

Ted: OK, this is getting weird, the similarities go on and on. She hates phonies. I totally hate phonies too. She's a dermatologist. I have skin.

Barney: You wanna be her boyfriend. She already has a boyfriend. It's uncanny.

Ted: All right, but it wouldn't hurt to check her out, right? See what my 9.6 looks like in person, as, you know, a frame of reference. And if she thinks she can do 11.45% better, who am I to deny her that?
