Ted: Stuart, I don't know what to say. If I caused this in any way...

Stuart: Ted, for all I know you did me the biggest favor anyone's every done me.

Marshall: Oh, come on, man, you don't mean that.

Stuart: Yeah, I do. This whole thing's made me realize, I miss being single. I miss staying out late and making messes and not cleaning them up. I miss owning porn.

Marshall: Dude, who doesn't.

Stuart: You know, I'll see some super-hot model chick and I'll think, "why am I with Claudia? I can be with her."

Ted: That's crazy. I mean, you're the luckiest...you and Claudia both...

Stuart: The point is, I wanna get married, I wanna settle down. But right now, that's just not who I am. I'm not a commitment guy, I'm a single guy.

Ted: Stuart, you don't have to be one or the other. Everybody feels this way sometimes.

Relationships aren't easy, they're hard work. It's about compromise, growing together, all that Dr. Phil crap.

Stuart: How would you know, you're not even married?

Ted: OK, ask this guy. Nine years he's been with Lily. He's the pro. This guy knows relationships. Tell him, Marshall.

Marshall: Stuart, don't get married.

Ted: Dude.

Stuart: What?

Marshall: I'm sorry. Being in a couple is hard and committing, making sacrifices, it's hard. But if it's the right person, then it's easy. Looking at that girl and knowing she's all you really want out of life, that should be the easiest thing in the world. And if it's not like that, then she's not the one. I'm sorry.

Ted: You know I don't have $400,000, right?

