Barney: This is an outrage. We are international businessmen on an international business trip. I demand you release us immediately.

Ted: You demand!? No, no, no, no, no... he does not demand. We... we... we have no demands!

Officer McNeil: Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to remain calm.

Ted: (Whispering) Okay, yeah. I'm calm... I'm totally calm.

Officer McNeil: We got footage of you placing two bags on JFK carousel three, and abandoning them to purchase a last minute flight with cash.

Barney: (To Ted) Those bags were your responsibility.

Ted: They were your bags.

Officer McNeil: Sir, please. We're assessing the bag situation.
(Cut to JFK Airport, Carousel three. b*mb squad are hovering equipment over their bags)

(Officer McNeil's office)

Ted: Look, this is all just... it's a misunderstanding.

Barney: (Stopping him) Please. (Silence) We are international businessmen. My colleague accidentally left the bags there now please let us go before we miss our international business meeting.

Officer McNeil: Can't remember the last time I saw an international business man with an untucked shirt. In addition, we received this footage taken over the last few months.

(Footage shows Barney placing two bags onto a carousel and JFK airport. And then a footage of a bag unzipping itself, and Barney jumps out of it to flirt with a woman)

Barney: Believe it or not, that duff bag thing worked.

Ted: Truth is, my friend... he does this thing where he goes to airports with fake luggage to pick up girls and we followed some here to Philadelphia. That's it! That's all this is!

Officer McNeil: Nobody's that lame.

Ted: Yes, he's that lame. Tell them you're that lame!

(Silence)

Barney: We are international businessmen...

Ted: OH COME ON!

Officer McNeil: Sir! Lower your voice or we'll restrain you.

Barney: Dude, seriously, relax.

Ted: We at least get to call our lawyer.

Barney: Exactly! (To Ted) We have a lawyer?
