Ted: Your boat is sinking. That was good.

Barney: Come on, Ted, this is an incredible opportunity. We'll meet our soulmates, nail 'em and never call them again. (chuckles)

(Ellen enters the office)

Ellen: All finished, gentlemen? Congratulations, you have just taken your very first step.

Barney: Gosh, thanks, Ellen. I sure hope this works. I'm so done with the single life, all the games, the meaningless sex.

Ellen: You deserve more.

Barney: That is so true, Ellen. I really think I'm ready to stop being a me and start being a we.

Hey, is there anyway I can let it be known that I love cuddling?

(Ellen, Ted and Barney sit around desk)

Ellen: Oh, of course you can. That is so...

Barney: It's kinda hard to talk about with Ted here, but I just want someone who's not afraid to hold me at night when the tears come. Ellen, can you help me find her?

Ellen: Get out.

Barney: What?

Ellen: I get 15 guys like you every week. Jerks who just want to meet vulnerable women, nail 'em and never call them again.

Barney: Oh my God, people do that.

Ellen: You wanna do this the easy way or the hard way?

Barney: What's the hard way? Security roughs me up and tosses me out?


Ellen: That's the easy way. The hard way is that I stomp the crap out of you myself.

(Barney looks like he doesn't believe her, Ellen stands up quickly, Barney stands up to run away)

Barney: OK, Ted, let's go.

(Ted gets up to leave)

Ellen: Not you, you stay.

(Ted and Ellen sit back down)

Ellen: You're cute. You're an architect. Good career and you didn't use an obvious alias on your application like your friend, Jack Package.

Barney (through office door): It's pronounced 'Pa-kojj.'

Ellen: Get outta here!

(Barney runs away)

Ellen: You I can work with. You give me three days and I will find the woman you will marry.

Ted: Ah, no thanks. I don't need an algorithm to meet women. It's New York City. You know, plenty of fish in the sea.


Ellen: Plenty of fish in the sea. Yes, there's 9 million people in New York, 4.5 million women. Of course you wanna meet someone roughly your own age, let's say, plus minus 5 years. So if we take into account the most recent census data, that leaves us with 482,000. But, uh, wait

48% of those are already in relationships and then you have to eliminate half for intelligence, sense of humor and compatibility and then you have to take out the ex-girlfriends and the relatives and oh, we can't forget those lesbians and then that leaves us with 8 women.

Ted: That can't be right. Eight? Really, eight?

Ellen: There are 8 fish in that big, blue ocean, Ted. And if you feel confident that you can reel one into your boat without me, there's the door.

Ted: Do you take credit cards?
