Barney: So, wait, not only have you not done any good for anyone today, you're actually helping someone steal from the homeless. You know, Ted, it's called Thanksgiving, not Thankstaking. Damn.

Kendall: Barney, you need me to sign your time sheet, right?

Barney: Yeah, Right. Thanks.

(Barney gets paper out of his pocket and gives it to Kendall, Ted and Robin look at each other)

Ted: Barney.

Barney: Yeah, what's up?

Ted: You have a time sheet. No one else has a time sheet.

Barney: Yeah, so.

(Kendall gives paper back to Barney)

Ted: All right, let me see that.

(Ted grabs paper away from Barney)

Barney: That's my private personal business!

Ted: Court-mandated community service.

Oh my God, you're on probation? What did you do?

Barney: That's my private personal business.

(flashback to urinating against a wall in an alley, police siren and lights approach, Barney turns around, zips up his pants and runs away)

(back to present scene)

Barney: I was unfairly punished because the wall belonged to the judge's church.

Ted: You peed on a church?

Barney: I peed in an alley which happened to have a church which I did not see because I was drunk.

Ted: Oh, you are evil.

Robin: Now, all's right with the world again.

Barney: OK, fine, so a judge is making me do this but I'm still doing it, and kicking ass at it, BTW.

(Barney points to his "volunteer of the year" picture and poses like his picture)

Barney: When's the last time either of you did any good? Huh?

(Ted grabs a bag of Portobello mushrooms and walks over to Kendall)

Ted: Kendall, ah, Kendall, Amanda is stealing Portobello mushrooms from homeless people.

Kendall: Amanda! I called dibs on the Portobello mushrooms.

(Amanda smiles and shrugs)

Ted: Those are for the hungry.

Kendall: I know, and I'm starving.
