<center>
  <font color="#dd00dd" size=5 style="font-weight: bold;">
    Longest common subsequence
  </font>
</center>
<br/>
<center>
  <font color="#dd00dd" size=5 style="font-weight: bold;">
    最长公共子序列
  </font>
</center>

<div style="text-align: justify;">
  <p style="line-height: 1.5; font-size: 21px;">

    &emsp; &emsp;
    Biological applications often need to compare the DNA of two (or more) different organisms. A strand of DNA consists of a string of molecules called bases, where the possible bases are adenine, guanine, cytosine, and thymine.
    Representing each of these bases by its initial letter, we can express a strand of DNA as a string over the ﬁnite set { A; C; G; T }. (See Appendix C for the deﬁnition of a string.)
    For example, the DNA of one organism may be S1 = ACCGGTCGAGTGCGCGGAAGCCGGCCGAA, and the DNA of another organism may be S2 = GTCGTTCGGAATGCCGTTGCTCTGTAAA.

  </p>
</div>

<div style="text-align: justify;">

  <p style="line-height: 1.5; font-size: 21px;">

    &emsp; &emsp;
    One reason to compare two strands of DNA is to determine how “similar” the two strands are, as some measure of how closely related the two organisms are.
    We can, and do, define similarity in many different ways. For example, we can say that two DNA strands are similar if one is a substring of the other. (Chapter 32 explores algorithms to solve this problem.)
    In our example, neither S1 nor S2 is a substring of the other.
    Alternatively, we could say that two strands are similar if the number of changes needed to turn one into the other is small. (Problem 15-5 looks at this notion.)
    Yet another way to measure the similarity of strands S1 and S2 is by ﬁnding a third strand S3 in which the bases in S3 appear in each of S1 and S2; these bases must appear in the same order, but not necessarily consecutively.
    The longer the strand S3 we can ﬁnd, the more similar S1 and S2 are. In our example, the longest strand S3 is GTCGTCGGAAGCCGGCCGAA.

  </p>
</div>
