<center>
  <font color="#dd00dd" size=5>How I met your mother - season 1 - episode 1</font><br />
</center>

Ted:      So these guys think I chickened out. What do you think?

Barney:   I can't believe you're still not wearing a suit.

Ted:      She didn't even give me a signal.

Barney:   What? Is she going to bat her eyes at you in Morse code? "Ted, kiss me", No, you just kiss her!

Ted:      Not if you don't get the signal.

Barney:   Did Marsal gave me the signal?

Marshal:  No, I didn't. I swear.

Barney:   At least tonight I get to sleep knowing Marshal and me, never going to happen. You should have kissed her.

Ted:      I should have kissed her. Maybe in a week when she get back from Orlando.

Barney:   A week? That's like a year in hot girl's time. She'll forget all about you. Mark my words, you'll never see that one again.

Ted:      There she is!

Lily:     Woo, she's cute. Carl, turn it up.

Robin:    ... him to reconsider at which point the man came down off the ledge, giving this bizza story a happy ending.
Reporting from Metro 1 news.

Marshal:  Didn't jump.

Ted:      I'm going to kiss her. Right now.

Marshal:  Dude, it's midnight. As your future lawer I might advise you that's freaking crazy.

Ted:      I never do anthing crazy. I'm always waiting for the moment, planning the moment.
She's leaving tomorrow. This may be the only chance I'm going to get. I got to do
what that guy couldn't. I got to take the leap. OK, not perfect metaphor. Because
for me it's falling in love and getting married, and for him, it's death.

Barney:   Actually, that is a perfect metaphor. By the way, could I congrutulate you tow?

Ted:      I'm doing this.

Lily:     Let's go.





