<font color="#dd00dd" size=6>01-2</font><br />

```

```
<font color="#000000" style="background: white">

    Ted:      Hi, Ellen. Remember me? I'm Ted.

    Ellen:    Hi, Ted. I, meant to call you. The computer is still crunching the numbers, busy as a bee,
            that little computer.

    Ted:      You said it was going to be three days.

    Ellen:    Did I? Three days? Really?

    Ted:      Year, and when someone says you're going to meet the perfect woman in three days,
            you kind of put that in your date book. so...

    Ellen:    How do I say this? This is going to be really hard. Ted, there are absolutely no women out there
            for you. Actually, I got through that okay.

    Ted:      There are no women out there for me? I thought you said there were eight.

    Ellen:    I know. There are supposed to be. I don't know where they are.

    Ted:      But I'm an architect. And you said I'm cute. I'm a cute architect.

    Ellen:    How do you think I feel? I have a 100% success rate. That's my hook.
            I could maybe find somebody for you if you were gay.

    Ted:      Well, I'm not.

    Ellen:    A little bi maybe.

    Ted:      No! You're messing with me, right?

    Ellen:    Come see yourself. I cannot set you up unless you have a compatibility rating of 7.0 or higher.
            And look, 5.4, 4.6, 5.6...

    Ted:      There' a 9.6 right there.

    Ellen:    Don't touch the computer. Yes, Sarah O'Brien. I fixed her up six months ago. She would have been
            perfect for you.

    Ted:      What about the guy you set her up with? Is he a 9.6 compatibility rating?

    Ellen:    8.5.

    Ted:      So he sucks.

    Ellen:    No, 8.5 is an extremely good match up quotient.

    Ted:      Oh, sure, it's good. It's solid, but a 9.6.

    Ellen:    9.6 is off the charts, but Sarah is matched up. Ted, look, I have a lunch. Please, I promise we will find you
            somebody. Don't lose hope. There are new women turning 18 every day.

</font>
